Update and improve Prospero documentation (#1022)
wildfly/prospero: dist/docs/guide/usage/install.adoc

*Install latest version using available Maven artifacts*

Instead of providing a YAML manifest file, Prospero can install using Maven artifacts directly from repositories. This is useful when you want to quickly install the latest version without downloading a manifest file.

Prospero provides the possibility to install using available Maven artifacts present on https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.wildfly.channel[WildFly Channel page], by using `groupID:artifactID` on the `--manifest` parameter.

[source, bash]
----
$ ./prospero.sh install --dir wf-latest --profile wildfly-ee --manifest org.wildfly.channels:wildfly-ee
----

*Install specific version using available Maven artifacts*

To install a specific version of WildFly, use the `--manifest` parameter with the `groupID:artifactID:version` format. This is useful when you need to install a particular release for testing or compatibility reasons.

[source, bash]
----
$ ./prospero.sh install --dir wf-38 --profile wildfly-ee --manifest org.wildfly.channels:wildfly-ee:38.0.0.Final
----

> NOTE: You can check available versions on https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.wildfly.channel[Maven Repository].

Reviewer: BTW, this example using `--manifest org.wildfly.channels:wildfly-ee:38.0.0.Final` would effectively lock the installation to that version, so running `update` command without specifying version would not lead to any update.

The other option is using `--manifest org.wildfly.channels:wildfly-ee --manifest-versions 38.0.0.Final`, which would install that version while allowing the installation to update to latest, by running the `update` command without any version parameter.

I'm not sure if to explain both examples, can be OK to leave as is.

Author: good catch, I will update to the second option and add a note regarding the lock

> 

Reviewer: The correct groupId for the channels is "org.wildfly.channels" (s at the end).

Maybe better to use URL for the specific feature pack in the example, such as https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/wildfly/channels/wildfly-ee/, or maybe don't mention the link at all?

The profile defines a feature-pack name and required repositories. It can also provide manifest information, if that manifest is published in a Maven repository.

*Install latest version using available Maven artifacts*

Instead of providing a YAML manifest file, Prospero can install using Maven artifacts directly from repositories. This is useful when you want to quickly install the latest version without downloading a manifest file.

Prospero provides the possibility to install using available Maven artifacts present on https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.wildfly.channels[WildFly Channel page], by using `groupID:artifactID` on the `--manifest` parameter.

[source, bash]
----
$ ./prospero.sh install --dir wf-latest --profile wildfly-ee --manifest org.wildfly.channels:wildfly-ee
----

*Install specific version using available Maven artifacts*

> To install a specific version of WildFly, use the `--manifest` parameter with the `groupID:artifactID:version` format. This is useful when you need to install a particular release for testing or compatibility reasons.

Reviewer: The text probably still needs updating?

```suggestion
To install a specific version of WildFly, use the `--manifest-versions <CHANNEL_NAME>::<VERSION>`. This is useful when you need to install a particular release for testing or compatibility reasons.
```

[source, bash]
----

> $ ./prospero.sh install --dir wf-38 --profile wildfly-ee --manifest org.wildfly.channels:wildfly-ee --manifest-versions 38.0.0.Final

Reviewer: I think that:

* when using `--profile ...`, you don't need to specify `--manifest ...`
* when using `--manifest-versions`, you need to use the "channel-name::version" format.

```suggestion
$ ./prospero.sh install --dir wf-38 --profile wildfly-ee --manifest-versions wildfly-ee::38.0.0.Final
```
